README.md, before:

#Tek-Systems Assignment

Java console application to calculate sales tax and import duty with Junit test cases.

Started this application from junit5-jupiter-starter-gradle folder within https://github.com/junit-team/junit5-samples

That project had a calculator class with add function and a test suite.

Removed those two classes and started coding for the assignment. 
 
Problem: Sales Taxes
Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, 
except books, food, and medical productsthat are exempt. 
Import duty is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods 
at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.
When I purchase items, I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price(including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid.

The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets...
<pre>
INPUT:
Input 1:
1 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
Input 2:
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
Input 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25

OUTPUT
Output 1:
1 book: 12.49
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50 Total: 29.83
Output 2:
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65 Total: 65.15
Output 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85
Sales Taxes: 6.70 Total: 74.68
</pre>

Commit message:

added gradle commands in README.md

README.md, after:

#Tek-Systems Assignment

Java console application to calculate sales tax and import duty with Junit test cases.

Started this application from junit5-jupiter-starter-gradle folder within https://github.com/junit-team/junit5-samples

That project had a calculator class with add function and a test suite.

Removed those two classes and started coding for the assignment which is stated at the end.

With JRE 14 and gradle v6.7, the following commands should work 
<pre>
./gradlew test 
./gradlew run
</pre>  
 
Problem: Sales Taxes
Basic sales tax is applicable at a rate of 10% on all goods, 
except books, food, and medical productsthat are exempt. 
Import duty is an additional sales tax applicable on all imported goods 
at a rate of 5%, with no exemptions.
When I purchase items, I receive a receipt which lists the name of all the items and their price(including tax), finishing with the total cost of the items, and the total amounts of sales taxes paid.

The rounding rules for sales tax are that for a tax rate of n%, a shelf price of p contains (np/100rounded up to the nearest 0.05) amount of sales tax.

Write an application that prints out the receipt details for these shopping baskets...
<pre>
INPUT:
Input 1:
1 book at 12.49
1 music CD at 14.99
1 chocolate bar at 0.85
Input 2:
1 imported box of chocolates at 10.00
1 imported bottle of perfume at 47.50
Input 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume at 27.99
1 bottle of perfume at 18.99
1 packet of headache pills at 9.75
1 box of imported chocolates at 11.25

OUTPUT
Output 1:
1 book: 12.49
1 music CD: 16.49
1 chocolate bar: 0.85
Sales Taxes: 1.50 Total: 29.83
Output 2:
1 imported box of chocolates: 10.50
1 imported bottle of perfume: 54.65
Sales Taxes: 7.65 Total: 65.15
Output 3:
1 imported bottle of perfume: 32.19
1 bottle of perfume: 20.89
1 packet of headache pills: 9.75
1 imported box of chocolates: 11.85
Sales Taxes: 6.70 Total: 74.68
</pre>
